Requirement mgmt refactoring (#326)
RedisGears/RedisGears: docs/configuration.md

_Runtime Configurability_

Supported

## PythonInstallReqMaxIdleTime

> The **PythonInstallReqMaxIdleTime** configuration option controls the maximal amount of idle time (in milliseconds) before python requirement installation is aborted. Idle time means no progress is made by the installation. The main reason for idle time is the same as for **ExecutionMaxIdleTime**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **PythonInstallReqMaxIdleTime** configuration option controls the maximal amount of idle time (in milliseconds) before Python's requirements installation is aborted. Idle time means that the installation makes no progress. The main reason for idle time is the same as for **ExecutionMaxIdleTime**.
```

_Expected Value_

Any integer greater than 0

_Default Value_

> "30 seconds"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
30000
```
